but uh Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Jimmy
Kimmel Live it's Angela's hey it's Jimmy
we made it through another one Merry
Christmas
I think no I've lost track of time I do
know it's Friday and not only is it
Friday
my wife has declared this to be formal
Friday the idea is to get dressed up as
if you're going somewhere even though
you're going nowhere it's the kind of
thing they do in prison to keep the
inmates from stabbing the guards if you
do take part in this at your home I'm
going to share the experience post
photos and video with the hashtag formal
Friday and I will show I will share some
of my favorites a next formal Friday
next week hey while I'm all dressed up I
want to address something and I'm
getting a lot of comments about this and
that is my appearance some people many
people in fact thousands of people have
been asking insulting questions in the
comments section like this one from a
YouTube viewer are you stoned Jimmy are
you stoned and working no I am NOT
stoned and I'm barely working here's
another one from Facebook from Jenny
Jimmy what's wrong with your eyes I love
you please don't drink too much and
please don't do drugs either you'll have
it all your career money or a famous you
have your family you have to spend your
time cooking and baking you won't get
depressed when you get busy I hope to
see the way you are I will pray for you
you can do this well thank you Jenny I
really appreciate that I am NOT stoned
I'm not drunk I'm just ugly I guess I
have dark circles under my eyes it's a
family trait this is what my grandmother
looked like that's my grandma Edith and
that photo was taken at a wedding so
that was her at her best I know it's
disappointing but I'm not high just
Italian and I don't have my glam team
with me okay because of the coronavirus
all right this is alarming the governor
of our state California estimates that
56% of the population of the state
California will be infected with the
virus over the next eight weeks
there are only enough tests for like
three of us unless you're in the NBA and
I I knew I should have practiced
basketball at the end of this the only
remaining life on Earth will be NBA
players the average human will be 6 foot
8 in height the president is still
focused on social distancing himself
from Corona by calling it the Chinese
virus this guy he really knows how to
show grace under pressure here he is
today answering what I thought was a
pretty reasonable question from Peter
Alexander of NBC News we're scared
though I guess nearly 200 dead 14,000
you're sick Millions
does you witness who are scared right
now way to say to Americans we're
watching you right now you're scared I
say that you're a terrible reporter
that's what I say well that's a weird
thing to say and you are a weird man to
say it you know who else showed up at
the press briefing today speaking of
weird a surprise celebrity reporter
we're gonna be helping them a lot Sean
Spicer
but Trump didn't acknowledge but he
didn't say his name he said in the back
which means Sean Spicer is at home
crying right now
I gave that man my dignity and this is
what I get
Trump's been on TV every day for every
day now and let's just say his motto
isn't the buck stops here this
administration inherited an obsolete
broken old system we inherited we
meaning this administration an obsolete
broken system we inherited a broken old
frankly a terrible system we fixed it
and we've done a great job and we
haven't been given the credit that we
deserve see now that's a little
something called leadership all the
great ones complain about not getting
enough credit Washington did it Lincoln
did it Kanye did it meanwhile two of
trumps favorite senators
Richard burr of North Carolina and Kelly
Leffler of Georgia reportedly sold off
massive amounts of stock shortly after
they were briefed in a private meeting
about the possible impact of the corona
virus they learned how bad it might get
and immediately dumped stocks before
anyone else figured it out Richard Burr
who is the chair of the Senate
Intelligence Committee his belief have
sold off as much as one point seven two
million dollars worth to stop both
Alexandria Court Acacio Cortes AOC and
Tucker Carlson both of them have called
for him to resign but I don't know if he
can bring those two together he might be
exactly what this country needs right
now
burr today called for an ethics
investigation into himself which is
funny and Kelly Leffler dropped between
a million to three million dollars worth
of stocks after the briefing she said
her broker did it and she and her
husband who is chair of the New York
Stock Exchange didn't know this by the
way is Kelly Leffler and her husband I
thought you might enjoy this it looks
like bring your dad to work day at the
real estate office Trump of course
jumped to their defense saying Burr and
Leffler are very honorable people
well yeah well compared to you sure all
good people only the best people now
here in Los Angeles we are under an
order called safer at home
all non-essential businesses are closed
they saying this is a good time to relax
and enjoy your family which okay I did
that what what do we do next one of my
co-workers is in Utah right now and sent
me this video this is I think he found
out world toilet paper is because this
is at a Costco in a town called Lehi and
look at this this is the great wall of
cotton L that see that's the wall Trump
should be building anyway bottom line is
if you have to poop this weekend go to
Utah meanwhile in Nevada most of the
lights are off on the Las Vegas Strip
and there's also a an adult dance club
offering a drive-through show you can
watch in your car
sorry Wayne Newton shower drain we have
a new grossest thing in Las Vegas they
are offering a ten minute show $200 you
can watch from your front seat or that's
the back seat that's got to be an
awkward
uber ride if you're in the back seat but
this is dumb listen if you want to want
a stare a naked woman through a pane of
glass get an iPad it's free I grew up in
Las Vegas and during times like these
it's good to check in with old friends
and with that said I would like to now
go live to a sterile location where
Brandon Flowers and Ronnie Vannucci of
The Killers are standing by hey boys
yeah there they are
look at you guys so handsome even during
these difficult times just quest Vegas
question here as natives of Las Vegas
you if you ever imagined that they would
shut the lights down indefinitely on the
strip no I remember when Sinatra died
they turned the lights out for like a
minute Sinatra died all the time that
was a big deal like out of respect like
they turn some lights off by the way you
guys are at Brandon's house in Utah
right though yep you guys okay families
okay
yeah remaining Co vigilant Ronny you
keeping that beard clean yeah I've just
I've got a rinse free sanitizer here
yeah you guys are not messing around
Brandon I love that mr. Brightside video
hand washing video that you did it
really fit kind of perfectly exactly
2030 so you guys have a you have an
album coming out at this weird time and
we decided to be fun to maybe hear a
little bit of music and since you know
you guys our musicians seem like a good
idea to call you and you but before we
get to that you want to mention it every
night we are I am making a donation to
charity and you guys
elected the charity tonight tell me
which charity you picked it's the the
u.s. BG it's the the bartender Emergency
Assistance Program so basically people
in the service industry whenever I think
of people needing help but I think of
Vegas the our parent you know in the
service industry my dad was a bartender
mom was a cocktail waitress and so I
think about those people especially when
your town is closed down they rely on
that most tips and that bread yeah like
an emergency assistance program for
those people anybody working in a place
that has a liquor license and serving
food or alcohol
this is assistance Ronnie your mom was a
cocktail waitress at Caesar's Palace for
a long time so this is meaningful aunt
Joyce was a bartender for uh that would
be a great song title aunt Joyce was a
bartender she called the liquor liquor
and I always he confused me because I
thought it was liquor but she's in well
well it's a different thing but so
anyway you guys your new album is called
imploding the Mirage which is a great
Vegas title you got it the video for
your new song just came out caution and
I love it you guys are gonna do that for
us right now right yeah we're doing the
bathroom beautiful okay so I'll be you
guys go to the back of the room really
you know what I mean and you guys race
off to the bathroom I'll give you a
little intro here and and we'll do this
properly like a real talk show okay all
right thanks guys
again that's the killer's you could
donate to us BG foundations bartender
Emergency Assistance Program and there
they go this is from their new album
imploding The Mirage the song is called
caution please clap loudly by yourself
at home for Brandon and Ronnie aka the
killers
[Music]
it's what
shoes
[Music]
cuz it's some kind of sin to live your
whole life
oh my my
[Music]
[Applause]
yay how about that that was the killer's
new song caution what did you think Jane
you liked it Billy did you like that
song yeah yeah this is formal Friday in
our house
my wife Molly and Jane who was dressed
as Anna and Billy who is dressed as who
are you
are you Spidey yes he's shy and opal
sack well thank you for watching and for
watching I'll be back with another one
of these on Monday celebrate formal
Friday in your home support your local
businesses what it's safe to do it
thanks to everybody who's working we
want to think not just the doctors and
nurses and emergency personnel thanks to
people working in restaurants and
grocery store employees and people who
make lollipops please thank them when
you see them guys City thank you to
everybody for watching thank you for
watching yes thank you for watching you
made me something yes it's a corsage
made of toilet paper isn't that nice and
I'm still going to use it so yeah take
care